Update architecture.md (#4475)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/architecture.md

## Querier

> The querier is responsible for finding the requested trace id in either the ingesters or the backend storage. Depending on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The querier finds the requested trace ID in either the ingesters or the backend storage. Depending on
```
